chile perú jessica chile is going to go well
as a sovereign within this group and
says that they are going to achieve much more than
what they thought if they frustrates
fact that you have to work hard and
that they have to run too much like that
They get tired very well, but it is
very worked the party one of the most
injured makes a goal and is super
important to the group because it gives them
tranquility in the first stage but
one of the injured as it falls and not
can work in the other party it
unstable much destabilizes the group
the chile group looks somehow
returning to organize to be able
defend the places and rearming
they have a person within the group who
He is very affectionate and organizes them all
when this fails and probably they
says where they have to work what
they have to do and how they look good
dynamic and the possibility that Chile
meat is eminent because it has a 10 of
gold that is a total triumph and the
empress the Empress is super good
it did not come out in another game that came out
in relation but Peru is seen with a
very prominent young man who works
I burn but sometimes air noise and even
violent everyone celebrates all what
support up could I have a part
important among media of the party of
triumph but after they leave
tears because there is a strength that he
can not beat the strengths for me
is the archer says who can achieve
important things up valuable in the
place but then the archer limits him
to the goals and probably the guy
has more than one goal but not everyone wins
in that it's like they're there in the
goal of that idea is there your name
Peru team that is like enojon is
rabid and is older he is a little
injured will walk very upset and believe
some problems and fight until
there may be a fight that goes further and
who comes to an institution because
probably angry with indignation
with someone from the group and probably goes
to have another quarrel says that to work
with balance and with order and
they probably look super
well on the court and in the place they
they emphasize in working very well that yes that
they work pretty well only the
fact that there is triumph and tears
would show them that probably not
achieve the necessary goal that they
they want but probably the same and it's a
challenge and it's quite powerful
Chile
Chile has to put their fears inside
the court and says it fears
move away in the second time says that
they touch roots in the second
pretty good although the same in the first
you see a goal inside the cards
and Peru has a lot of wisdom to win
but within your wisdom lose the
control and they get anxious because
probably one of the Chileans we
it hurts a lot in the arch in some
moment